gh-111262: Add PyDict_Pop() function [without default value nor KeyError] (#112028)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/C API/2023-11-10-10-21-38.gh-issue-111262.2utB5m.rst

Add :c:func:`PyDict_Pop` and :c:func:`PyDict_PopString` functions: remove a key
from a dictionary and optionally return the removed value. This is the similar
to :meth:`dict.pop`, but without the default value and do not raise

> :exc:`KeyError` if the key missing. Patch by Stefan Behnel and Victor Stinner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from a dictionary and optionally return the removed value. This is similar
to :meth:`dict.pop`, but without the default value and not raising
an exception if the key is missing. Patch by Stefan Behnel and Victor Stinner.
```
